java -jar jenkins-cli.jar -s https://company-ci.int.company.com/ help


Command					Explanation

add-job-to-view				Adds jobs to view.
build					Builds a job, and optionally waits until its completion.
cancel-quiet-down			Cancel the effect of the "quiet-down" command.
clear-queue				Clears the build queue.
connect-node				Reconnect to a node.
console					Retrieves console output of a build.
copy-job				Copies a job.
create-credentials-by-xml		Create Credential by XML
create-credentials-domain-by-xml	Create Credentials Domain by XML
create-job				Creates a new job by reading stdin as a configuration XML file.
create-node				Creates a new node by reading stdin as a XML configuration.
create-view				Creates a new view by reading stdin as a XML configuration.
delete-builds				Deletes build record(s).
delete-credentials			Delete a Credential
delete-credentials-domain		Delete a Credentials Domain
delete-job				Deletes job(s).
delete-node				Deletes node(s)
delete-view				Deletes view(s).
disable-job				Disables a job.
disconnect-node				Disconnects from a node.
enable-job				Enables a job.
get-credentials-as-xml			Get a Credentials as XML (secrets redacted)
get-credentials-domain-as-xml		Get a Credentials Domain as XML
get-gradle				List available gradle installations
get-job					Dumps the job definition XML to stdout.
get-node				Dumps the node definition XML to stdout.
get-view				Dumps the view definition XML to stdout.
groovy					Executes the specified Groovy script.
groovysh				Runs an interactive groovy shell.
help					Lists all the available commands or a detailed description of single command.
install-plugin				Installs a plugin either from a file, an URL, or from update center.
install-tool				Performs automatic tool installation, and print its location to stdout. Can be only called from inside a build.
keep-build				Mark the build to keep the build forever.
list-changes				Dumps the changelog for the specified build(s).
list-credentials			Lists the Credentials in a specific Store
list-credentials-context-resolvers	List Credentials Context Resolvers
list-credentials-providers		List Credentials Providers
list-jobs				Lists all jobs in a specific view or item group.
list-plugins				Outputs a list of installed plugins.
login					Saves the current credential to allow future commands to run without explicit credential information.
logout					Deletes the credential stored with the login command.
mail					Reads stdin and sends that out as an e-mail.
offline-node				Stop using a node for performing builds temporarily, until the next "online-node" command.
online-node				Resume using a node for performing builds, to cancel out the earlier "offline-node" command.
quiet-down				Quiet down Jenkins, in preparation for a restart. Don’t start any builds.
reload-configuration			Discard all the loaded data in memory and reload everything from file system. Useful when you modified config files directly on disk.
reload-job				Reload job(s)
remove-job-from-view			Removes jobs from view.
replay-pipeline				Replay a Pipeline build with edited script taken from standard input
restart					Restart Jenkins.
safe-restart				Safely restart Jenkins.
safe-shutdown				Puts Jenkins into the quiet mode, wait for existing builds to be completed, and then shut down Jenkins.
session-id				Outputs the session ID, which changes every time Jenkins restarts.
set-build-description			Sets the description of a build.
set-build-display-name			Sets the displayName of a build.
set-build-parameter			Update/set the build parameter of the current build in progress.
set-build-result			Sets the result of the current build. Works only if invoked from within a build.
set-external-build-result		Set external monitor job result.
shutdown				Immediately shuts down Jenkins server.
update-credentials-by-xml		Update Credentials by XML
update-credentials-domain-by-xml	Update Credentials Domain by XML
update-job				Updates the job definition XML from stdin. The opposite of the get-job command.
update-node				Updates the node definition XML from stdin. The opposite of the get-node command.
update-view				Updates the view definition XML from stdin. The opposite of the get-view command.
version					Outputs the current version.
wait-node-offline			Wait for a node to become offline.
wait-node-online			Wait for a node to become online.
who-am-i				Reports your credential and permissions.
